hey I'm Robin and I am the green
smoothie girl you can find me online if
you are on youtube at green smoothie
girl calm let me see the class on a
beautiful Saturday afternoon here in
Colorado and I have met Mandy who told
me something cool about her life started
with a very difficult story as many of
our stories do I love to tell these
stories because they illustrate
something we talked about here in
Louisville which is that you don't get
to selectively heal a lot of times
something that you've wanted to happen
maybe it did it maybe it didn't but 14
other things heal in the process of
shifting to a plant-based mostly raw
diet so Mandy tell me what what made you
do mitosis
I was suffering from some pretty serious
arthritis in my knees I've been around
for several years and I had bone on bone
pain
tried everything scopes and all that
kind of stuff and I decided to try this
program to see if I could heal myself
and avoid a knee replacement surgery
well unfortunately I didn't avoid the
knee replacement surgery but because the
other bones were later yeah on each
other right exactly and there's not a
whole lot you can fix about that but I
had the the double knee replacement
which was pretty brutal but the thing
that was miraculous about it is how
quickly I recovered and I started to
heal so quickly that when they came in
seven days later to take the staples out
I had 45 in each knee they were embedded
into my skin because I healed up over
the staples so that was pretty painful
but got the staples out and I got back
on my feet very quickly and I am back to
I've been on the elliptical doing about
45 minutes a day since I was at all
three months out on my surgery and I was
hiking and snowshoeing
so and that's America because it's about
a year
and your doctor was shocked he was shy
he said well first of all I am young and
I have that on my side but he said yeah
I was doing miraculous and he said he
hasn't seen that most occasions such
such quick healing reminded me of my
story because five weeks ago today I got
thrown off in h-e-b and I was told that
two broken ribs and a bruised kidney and
a concussion and I didn't really walk
for six days
Kristin's running the recorder and she
can vouch for that it was it was really
really awful and six days but 60s after
that 12 days after my accident I ran
five miles I've been doing stuff that or
before more every day since then the
right nutrition helps our body heal
we need our immune system it's critical
to everything that happens
in all of our body's systems and the
best way to heal and get back to as much
or better as we were doing before with
perfect nutrition the closest a perfect
nutrition we can get so really thankful
to you for sharing your story I think
you're going to inspire some people
thanks Mandy well thank you for sharing
your story you found me on life slot I
was on ABC's wife swap and she was like
searching the Internet where can I find
this woman ask her questions how crazy
is that did y'all know that I put greens
mini girl drama because I advice see you
next time